[EDU-3919] generate credentials (#658)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/deploy-journey/configure-node/generate-credential/generate-credentials.mdx

---
title: How to generate credentials
description: Create your credentials to install Edge Orchestrator Agent and start orchestrating.
meta_tags: deploy, orchestrator
namespace: docs_deploy_generate_credentials
menu_namespace: deployMenu
permalink: /documentation/products/guides/deploy/generate-credentials/
---

> To be able to install Edge Orchestrator Agent and start orchestrating, you must create your credentials. You can do so through:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install **Edge Orchestrator Agent** and start orchestrating, you must create your credentials before. You can do so through:
```

- [Real-Time Manager (RTM)](/en/documentation/products/guides/how-to-access-rtm/)
- [Azion API](https://api.azion.com/)

---

## Via RTM 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 1. Access [Real-Time Manager (RTM)](https://manager.azion.com/).
> 2. On the upper-right corner of the page, open the **Account menu**, represented by an avatar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Access [Real-Time Manager (RTM)](/en/documentation/products/guides/how-to-access-rtm/) > **Account menu**.
```

> 2. Click the **Add Credential** button.

Reviewer: se não aceitar a sugestão anterior, precisar ajustar a numeração... o 2 aparece repetido

3. Give your credential an easy-to-remember name.
4. Describe how or by whom the credential will be used in the **Description** field in **Settings**.
- Example: `Credential used for Edge Nodes registration`.
5. Click the **Save** button.

A token will be generated after the credential is saved.

When clicking on the created credential on the **Credentials** page, you can:

- Copy the generated token.
- Delete your credential.
- Edit your credential. You can update your credential's *name*, *description*, and *status* (active/inactive).

---

## Via API 

> 1. Run the following `POST` request in your terminal, replacing `[TOKEN VALUE]` with your [personal token](/en/documentation/products/guides/personal-tokens/), and informing the following properties in the request body:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the following `POST` request in your terminal, replacing `[TOKEN VALUE]` with your [personal token](/en/documentation/products/guides/personal-tokens/) and informing the following properties in the request body:
```

| Property | Description | Required | 
| - | - | - | 
| `name` | Name of the credential you want to create  | Yes |
| `description` | Open field to describe your credential with information such as for what purpose it was created | No |
| `status` | Status of your credential | No  |

```bash 
curl --location 'https://api.azionapi.net/credentials/' \
--header 'Accept: application/json; version=3' \
--header 'Authorization: Token [TOKEN VALUE]' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data '{
  "description": "credential to use with Orchestrator",
  "name": "new credential",
  "status": true
}'
```

> Now you can install Edge Orchestrator agent on your node and start orchestrating your services.

Reviewer: ode adicionar link para o guia de instalacão.

---
title: How to generate credentials

> description: To be able to install Edge Orchestrator Agent and start orchestrating, you must create your credentials.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: Create your credentials to install Edge Orchestrator Agent and start orchestrating.
```

meta_tags: deploy, orchestrator
namespace: docs_deploy_generate_credentials
menu_namespace: deployMenu
permalink: /documentation/products/guides/deploy/generate-credentials/
---

> To be able to install Edge Orchestrator Agent and start orchestrating, you must create your credentials. You can do so using:

Author: ```suggestion
To be able to install Edge Orchestrator Agent and start orchestrating, you must create your credentials. You can do so through:
```

- [Real-Time Manager (RTM)](/en/documentation/products/guides/how-to-access-rtm/)
- [Azion API](https://api.azion.com/)

---

## Via RTM 

> 1. Access [Real-Time Manager (RTM)](https://manager.azion.com/).
> 2. On the upper-right corner of the page, open the **Account menu**, represented by an avatar.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Access [Real-Time Manager (RTM)](/en/documentation/products/guides/how-to-access-rtm/) > **Account menu**.
```

> 3. Click the **Add Credential** button.
> 4. Choose a name for your credential.
> 5. Describe how or by whom the credential will be used in the **Description** field in **Settings**.
> - Example: `Credential used for Edge Nodes registration`.
> 6. Click the **Save** button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Click the **Add Credential** button.
3. Give your credential an easy-to-remember name.
4. Describe how or by whom the credential will be used in the **Description** field in **Settings**.
- Example: `Credential used for Edge Nodes registration`.
5. Click the **Save** button.
```

A token will be generated after the credential is saved.

When clicking on the created credential on the **Credentials** page, you can:

- Copy the generated token.
- Delete your credential.
- Edit your credential. You can update your credential's *name*, *description*, and *status* (active/inactive).

---

## Via API 

1. Run the following `POST` request in your terminal, replacing `[TOKEN VALUE]` with your [personal token](/en/documentation/products/guides/personal-tokens/), and informing the following properties in the request body:

> Request body properties: 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
